First, the government initiated
We are fighting against the self-proclaimed Shunju, and we are fighting against the Tengoku Zoukyo.
In order to increase the domestic participation and measure the Tengoku Zoukyo,
we must do our best to make the people of the country feel proud of themselves.
We must make the people of the country feel proud of themselves.
We must be more respectful and sympathetic than the people of the country.
In order to win the war of the country,
we must fight against all kinds of difficulties,
whether it is the lack of various kinds of work or the lack of various kinds of work.
The government has been working hard to improve the lives of the people of the country.
However, the people of the country have been working hard to improve their lives,
and we must work hard to improve the lives of the people of the country.
Now, the second wave of the 10th wave has arrived.
We have shown the progress of the 100 million people's war.
We have shown the results of the glorious national war.
We are very grateful for the great responsibility of the people of the country.